hey guys it's something I'll hear today
we're going to check it out the Apple
watch Melanie sloop now I use it all day
or for the most part of the day
yesterday along with the leather loop
that I'll be making a video afterwards
but this is a hundred and fifty dollars
in this for the 38 millimeter version
and here I'm going to go ahead and unbox
it again I boxed it back up as much as I
could so you guys could see the way that
it comes but uh I'm going to do such a
good job but you can see that it's the
exact same box that we get with the
Apple watch sport and we open this box
up and we're going to get the Milanese
loop here so let's put this to one side
and I tried to put it back on the
packaging the same way came and I
believe this is how it came but it
definitely feels premium and looks
pretty cool too so we just remove this
wrapper right here and the silky smooth
metal comes right out and let's move
this all the way over there so we don't
have any distractions and here it is you
can kind of just tell on camera how
silky and kind of soft this is which is
what's cool about this it just I don't
know it just reminds me of kind of like
an armor or a special suit that is made
out of woven metal but it definitely is
really cool I try to out the Apple store
and from using it yesterday it feels
really good it feels much better than
you would expect metal to feel but we
just go ahead and put it right here and
I put it the wrong way of course because
why not why not put it the wrong way
right it goes in with the metal side see
the metal right here how it doesn't have
any color it goes with that side down
and let's see if we can get this
correctly there we go we go on to the
other side and we just attach that there
and here we have it looks pretty cool
what's the coolest part about this is
that it doesn't come out the band always
stays attached right there which is cool
let me get this closer for you guys so
you can see that and you know that
allows you to always just keep it there
and then attach it to you so it's kind
of like the leather loop in the way that
it connects but it never falls out which
is super cool so you open it to the
biggest size and you go ahead and kind
of wiggle yourself right there and you
put it on yeah grab it from this side
you pull it and you choose the desired
length and there you go it's ready to go
you can kind of see it there it looks
pretty good with this stainless steel
model and this is the 38 millimeter
version which I feel like most men will
not get because it feels like a very I
feel like a lot of women could sport
this but not a lot of men could really
sport this I mean if you're a man and
you like the color and you like
everything then you're going to be able
to support it just fine I just
personally don't believe that especially
not the 38 millimeter version but the 42
millimeter version might be better
because you can see kind of how small it
looks on my hand and I have thin wrists
so this thing is tiny and yeah you can
kind of see how it looks there now the
most important thing is of course wrist
movement and this allows a good amount
maybe even more than the leather loop to
be able to move your hand before it
begins to hurt so I still don't
recommend working out with this one but
you definitely could if you want it to
but uh that metal isn't going to feel
all that great after your sweat goes
into it which is why it's always good to
use a sport band for working out you
don't want to get all these expensive
bands wet or I mean you could but you
wouldn't want to especially with sweat
but uh yeah the best way to take it off
that I found out was to pull it here and
then you pull this here and you let it
drop because if you don't do that then
the magnet is gonna stick the whore hand
and it'll be a little bit more difficult
but yeah if you do get it take it off
like that it's much quicker and there it
is you can just see how it's okay that's
what's cool about it but let's go ahead
and remove this real quick I'm going to
put it on on the black Apple watch sport
just so you guys can see how that looks
because I know some people might be
interested but let's go ahead and attach
it here just goes on the same way we
said before and this is the 42
millimeter version
so this is going to be a little bit
small on that but you can still kind of
see the color combination here the block
in the silver but uh yeah I don't think
it really goes that well doesn't really
match might be better with the what
Apple watch sport let's go ahead and
let's tie this up again and let it go
move it into place and you can see how
it looks they're definitely not that
great looks a little bit off it just
doesn't seem like it goes with that
watch but you can kind of see how it
looks there and let's go ahead and
remove it again and just show it to you
like this but uh yeah guys it was just
to show you the Milanese loop if you're
thinking about getting it now hopefully
this video helps in some way and yeah
the comfort level is definitely up there
and it's the most comfortable metal band
that I've ever tried it's incredibly
smooth and it doesn't add too much
weight to the watch which is nice and
yeah that's the Milanese loop and $450
you can get something that might make
your Apple watch look more expensive I
guess but uh you know I feel like the
Apple watch sport bands are really great
and these you might only end up using
them for whenever you're not working out
so you're getting this as a workout
watch then whoops you definitely don't
want to get the more expensive bands but
uh you're going to use it also as a
normal watch from time to time then I
guess the these expensive bands might
you know make the watch look more like a
watch and less like a fitness band but
uh hey guys if you have any questions
feel free to comment down below and I'll
get back to you as soon as I can and you
know if you haven't subscribe to the
channel please consider doing so for
more videos coming in the near future
but aside from that
as always guys I'll catch you guys in
the next video